[Docs] Rewrite run methods and deployment docs (#945)
mckinsey/vizro: vizro-core/docs/pages/user-guides/run_deploy.md

Vizro is built on top of [Dash](https://dash.plotly.com/), which itself uses [Flask](https://flask.palletsprojects.com/). Most of our guidance on how to run a Vizro app in development or production is very similar to guidance on Dash and Flask.

!!! note
    There are many possible workflows depending on your requirements. The above describes a simple workflow that applies to many people but is not suitable for everyone. For example:

    - If you are the only user of your app then the process is often simpler since you might never want to deploy to production.
    - If there are multiple people involved with development then you will need some way to coordinate code changes, such as a [GitHub repository](https://github.com/) or [Hugging Face Space](https://huggingface.co/spaces).
    - You might want to use _authentication_ to restrict access to your app.
    - You might want to update your dashboard after it has been put into production. There is then a cycle of repeated development and deployment.
    - There might be additional stages or _environments_ for Quality Assurance (QA) to test that the app works correctly before it is deployed.

## Development

> When developing a dashboard, you have several options on how to get started. The below table can guide you in making a choice. The [fastest way to a running dashboard is to use PyCafe](https://py.cafe/snippet/vizro/v1), as shown in our [First Dashboard tutorial](../tutorials/first-dashboard.md).

Author: ```suggestion
When developing a dashboard, you have several options on how to get started as the table below describes. The [fastest way to a running dashboard is to use PyCafe](https://py.cafe/snippet/vizro/v1), as shown in our [First Dashboard tutorial](../tutorials/first-dashboard.md).
```

> | Method                                     | Description                                                | Requires                         |

Author: I'm going to be really annoying in weeks to come as I learn about accessibility, but I know already that tables should be avoided where possible because they're difficult for screen readers. Personally I like it. I think it could be converted to a bulleted list though.

Reviewer: Ok let's cross that bridge when we come to it - happy to comply of course, but let's do that in one swift change rather than do isolated work.

## Production

When developing your dashboard you typically run it _locally_ (on your own computer) using the Flask development server. When you deploy to production, this is no longer suitable. Instead, you need a solution that can handle multiple users in a stable, secure and efficient way. The below table is a **TLDR** that provides an overview of the most common options.

| Method                                         | Free Tier         | Some key features (not exhaustive)                                                                                                                                     | Requires                                                      |
| ---------------------------------------------- | ----------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | [Hugging Face](#deploy-to-hugging-face)        | :simple-ticktick: | Easy cloning of apps, Gallery features, easy access to HF model hub                                                                                                    | Hugging Face account                                          |

Author: I think we need to make it clear that each link in the table is to a section of the docs rather than to Hugging Face, Ploomber etc. It doesn't seem that clear to me. Maybe it's a sentence prior to the table, or rephrase either the header row of the table or the link text itself.

Reviewer: Done

| [Ploomber Cloud](#deploy-to-ploomber-cloud)    | :simple-ticktick: | Easy drag and drop and CLI deployment, authentication features and serverless functions in paid tier                                                                   | Ploomber Account                                              |
| [Dash Enterprise](#deploy-via-dash-enterprise) | :x:               | Enterprise deployment solution with many more features going above and beyond                                                                                          | Dash Enterprise subscription                                  |
| [PyCafe](#develop-in-pycafe)                   | :simple-ticktick: | No deployment in traditional sense (with backend server) as it uses WASM technology to run python in the Browser, but very scalable and easy alternative in some cases | No requirements (in snippet mode), otherwise a PyCafe account |

> ### Overview

Reviewer: My thought behind the placement was that someone that wants to get to the relevant info fast can click, anyone else would read on.

Since the info below is not critical for security etc, I would have thought that it can be skipped by the very rushed reader :)
